### Revamped PDF Cropper Page, Test Interface, and Generate Answer Key Page (with Test and Section Instructions)

1. The PDF Cropper page has been revamped into Test Maker. Test Maker contains 5 step-based panels as follows:
   1. PDF Cropper – updated so that PDF pages can be navigated by scrolling.
   2. Bulk Edit – same as before.
   3. Sort Subjects/Sections.
   4. Add/Edit Test and Section-wise Instructions (especially useful for JEE Advanced formats).
   5. Generate and Download Output ZIP – from v2 onwards, the output can be downloaded only in ZIP format. This is to reduce confusion among new users and to prepare for the upcoming desktop version of PDF2CBT.
2. The Test Interface has been updated to include support for Test Instructions and Section-wise Instructions.
3. The Generate Answer Key page is now more user-friendly. Answers can be added using UI-based input
   methods (buttons, checkboxes, etc.) instead of the specific text input pattern that was previously required.


As of v2, the following instruction formats are available to chose:

- Test Instructions:
  - General - can be used for any Test format and is the default.
  - COMEDK format.
- Section Instructions:
  1. MCQ and MSQ
    - General
    - Matching Lists
    - Paragraph
    - Table
  2. MSM
    - General
  3. NAT (Numerical Answer Type)
    - Numeric
      - General
      - Positive
      - Non-Negative
      - Paragraph
        - General
        - Positive
        - Non-Negative
    - Integer
      - General
      - Positive
      - Non-Negative
      - Single Digit
      - Paragraph
        - General
        - Positive
        - Non-Negative
        - Single Digit


Unfortunately I only know about COMEDK's test instructions, if you know or have screenshot/image/link for other exam formats (like JEE, UGEE, BITSAT etc) then do let me know so that I can add it to Test Instructions.

If a section type is missing from Section Instructions, do let me know so that it can be included.

You can contact me on any of these: [Github](https://github.com/TheMoonVyy/pdf2cbt/), [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/TheMoonV22/) or comment under any youtube video of [this channel](https://www.youtube.com/@TheMoonVyy).
          
### Recently Generated ZIP Cache

For convenience, a feature has been added to cache the most recently generated ZIP file in RAM for the current session.

How it works:

- When you generate a ZIP from Test Maker, it is also stored in RAM.
- When you open Test Interface or Generate Answer Key, the website will notify you about the recently
  generated ZIP and ask whether you want to load it.
- This reduces the upload/download pipeline when moving from Test Maker to Generate Answer Key.
- It is still recommended to download the output whenever possible, especially if you do not have a
  battery backup, since the ZIP exists only in RAM.
- The cached ZIP exists only in the current session and tab. If you open PDF2CBT in a new tab, the cache
  will not be available there.
