### Added 2 new features and one bug fixes

#### Added Prompt AI feature in Generate Answer Key Page to extract answers from PDF/Image

The Generate Answer Key page now has an option to use AI to read answers from an answer key PDF or image.  
Step by step instructions is provided in the docs of the page, but here's a general idea:
- Basically the page has a **Prompt AI** dialog which creates a prompt (provides questions related data, commands) which you copy and paste it to an AI you like.
- The AI should then respond with answers from the Answer Key in JSON format which you need to copy and paste it back to the dialog.
- The dialog will validate the answers in the JSON data you gave it.
- If data is in valid format then, it will ask whether you want to load it to manually check and correct answers or generate the answer key directly.
- If data is invalid, then it will show errors related to it and a prompt which has the errors in them which needs to be fed back to the AI so that it can fix them and provide valid one.

---

#### Added Offset Test Duration feature to UI Settings of Test Interface

The CBT Interface now includes a visual offset for test duration without affecting the actual test duration.

- Example: If the test is 150 minutes and you set an offset of 1800 seconds (30 minutes),
  the timer will start from 180 minutes.
- The test will still auto-submit when the real 150 minutes are completed.
- Does not affect evaluation, saved time, or any internal test logic.
- Intended only as a psychological buffer.

---

#### Fixed Show/Hide "Question Panel" setting of Test Interface which was not working. 
- The question panel button visibility can now be toggled from UI settings.
