### Added a new setting to config of Pattern based cropper and fixed some ui related issues

The setting added is `Split Page When Subject Is Found`.
This is a pdf level setting (Which you can access by clicking on the gear icon in the Pattern based cropper config edit panel which is left to the subject names).

This option is mainly for PDFs having multiple columns.

Consider a PDF having formats like these:
`Format case 1:`
*(Two columns, where the upper part of both columns belongs to the current subject while the lower part belongs to the new subject.)*

```text
PHYSICS
Q1... | Q3...
Q2... | Q4...
CHEMISTRY (start of new subject)
Q5... | Q6...
Q7... | Q8...
```

In case 1, **Q1, Q2, Q3, and Q4** belong to **Physics**, while the remaining questions belong to **Chemistry**.

`Format case 2:`
```text
PHYSICS
Q1... | Q5...
Q2... | Q6...
CHEMISTRY (start of new subject)
Q3... | Q7...
Q4... | Q8...
```

In case 2, **Q1 and Q2** belong to **Physics**, while the remaining questions belong to **Chemistry**.

- **When Enabled** *(works for Format Case 1)* When a new subject is found, the tool splits the page **horizontally** at that point into two parts (upper and lower). The upper part is treated as belonging to the **current subject**, while the lower part belongs to the **new subject**. It processes like this:
    1. Search from top to bottom of **Column 1**.
    2. When a new subject is found, split the page horizontally at that point say at y-coordinate Y.
    3. The upper part is treated as belonging to the **current subject**, while the lower part belongs to the **new subject**.
    4. From **Column 1** at the Y coordinate, switch to **Column 2** and continue searching from top to bottom until the Y coordinate is reached and so on...
- **When Disabled (Default behaviour)** *(works for Format Case 2)* The tool does **not** split the page horizontally when a new subject is found. Instead, it processes like this:
    1. Say the current subject is Physics, then search from top to bottom of **Column 1**.
    2. When a new subject say Chemistry is found, the questions in **Column 1**from that point on belongs to Chemistry (Q3, Q4). The Questions from onwards belong to Chemistry.
    3. After reaching the end of **Column 1**, switch to **Column 2** and continue searching from top to bottom. Q5, Q6, Q7, and Q8 will belong to Chemistry and so on...

Before **v2.6.0**, the tool used the always used the case 2 logic (i.e With `Split Page When Subject Is Found` turned off/disabled).
To account for case 1, this feature is added in v2.6.0.

The following are the UI related issues fixed in this release:
- In Test Maker, fixed an issue where scrollbar progress in PDF viewer was resetting to the start when switching from pattern based cropper's edit config panel.
- In Generate Answer key, fixed an issue in the Prompt AI dialog where we had to scroll all the way to the bottom for "Validate Output" button to be visible. Now the button is always visible at the bottom of the dialog.
- In Updates page, fixed an issue where specified version of release update was not being shown and instead showed the latest version.
